Q.What is the difference between Internal Storage & External Storage?

A.
Internal Storage: 
By default, files saved to the internal storage are private to your application and other applications cannot access them. 
When the user uninstalls your application, these files are removed/deleted. Your app user also can't access them using file manager; 
even after enabling "show hidden files" option in file manager. To access files in Internal Storage, you have to root your Android phone.

External storage:
This can be a removable storage media (such as an SD card) or an internal (non-removable) storage.
External storage is modifiable by the user and other apps, there are two categories of files we might save here:
1.	Public files: Files that should be freely available to other apps and to the user. When the user uninstalls your app, 
these files should remain available to the user. For example, photos captured by your app or other downloaded files.

2.	Private files: Files that rightfully belong to your app and should be deleted when the user uninstalls your app. 
When the user uninstalls your app, the system deletes all files in your app's external private directory.
For example, additional resources downloaded by your app or temporary media files.

Q.For how long the data resides in the cache?

A.Till user clears the cache data from the device.As we use applications, they start storing files for reference later.
These files are stored in an app "cache." For instance: When you're using an app, it'll save images and files which you've read 
so that they don't have to be downloaded each and every single time the app needs them. This saves you time and data. 
But maybe you want to clear an app's cached data, either to regain some used space or to try to fix a misbehaving app.


Q.What are the critical Permissions and Normal Permissions? What are the examples of each?

A.
Normal Permissions
Many permissions are designated as PROTECTION_NORMAL, which indicates that there's no great risk to the user's privacy or security 
in letting apps have those permissions. Normal permissions cover areas where your app needs to access data or resources outside 
the app's sandbox, but where there's very little risk to the user's privacy or the operation of other apps. For example,
permission to set the time zone is a normal permission. If an app declares that it needs a normal permission, 
the system automatically grants the permission to the app. For a full listing of the current normal permissions.

Critical Permissions
Dangerous permissions cover areas where the app wants data or resources that involve the user's private information, 
or could potentially affect the user's stored data or the operation of other apps. 
For example, the ability to read the user's contacts is a dangerous permission.
If an app declares that it needs a dangerous permission, the user has to explicitly grant the permission to the app.

